# World_Weather_Analysis

The purpose of the Analysis was to use Python, decision and repetition statements, data structures, Pandas, Matplotlib, and SciPy statistics.To conduct a world weather analysis using the Open Weather Map API to pull weather data from around the world and the Google Maps API to plan a trip. Users of the hypothetical company,PlanMyTrip can input their preferred temperature range and find cities to travel to based on their preferences.  The users are also able  to create a travel itinerary to find the route between cities, as well as hotels and current weather information for each city. 

First we generated a set of 2000 random coordinates (longitude & latitude), we then use the citipy module to pull cities  that where close to our coordinates.The Open Weather Map API was used to retrieve weather data for all the cities and a list was created to store the weather data which included the latitude and longitude, current weather description, maximum temperature, humidity, cloudiness, wind speed, as well as the city and country. The data was then cleaned by dropping any columns that had missing information. After importing the stored weather data, a prompt is set up for the user to input their minimum and maximum temperature preference criteria. The city data is then filtered to only show cities with the preferred temperature criteria and any rows with missing information are removed. In addition to the weather information for these cities, a hotel dataframe is set up to search for hotels within 5000 meters and cities without hotel information are dropped.